docs: update oidc playground (#8529)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/manage/console/default-settings.mdx

The Default Redirect URI will be used, if a user calls the login page directly.
More specifically, typically a client will initiate login with an auth request.
The auth request contains a client-id and a redirect uri, that must match the configuration in ZITADEL.

> If there is no [auth request](https://zitadel.com/docs/oidc-playground), users will be redirected to the Default Redirect URI, which is by default `https://<custom_domain>/ui/console/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no [auth request](/playgrounds/oidc), users will be redirected to the Default Redirect URI, which is by default `https://<custom_domain>/ui/console/`
```
